Name		: Benjamin Kleynhans
Section		: IGME.106.02

Theme		: Logic based game including some computer concepts

Description
The game consist of 3 forms with multiple subsections.  The goal of
the program is to complete the challenges as defined on each of the 
forms.  There are either questions or instructions on each form.

The forms are design in a way where the controls are either not visible,
not formatted or a combination of the two.  All the forms play
with visibility and enable/disable states.  The forms each have one, two
or three sections to complete and these sections only become available 
once the previous objective was met.

Event descriptions
	Form1
		The first form loads providing the user/player with a riddle.  The user/player
		needs to move the mouse pointer across the gray section on the screen as
		indicated by the riddle.  First from top to bottom and back again, then
		from left to right and back again.  Once this action has been completed 
		the gray area turns into an active button which can be clicked to continue.

		Every time a successful sequence has been completed (from top to bottom and
		back to top), green fields are shown to the user/player which indicates
		that area of the "lock" has been opened.  If the user makes a mistake, the
		locks are closed again and the user has to start from the beginning.

		The user is provided with a message box whenever they make a "mistake"
		
		Once all four "locks" have been opened, the mouse cursor is moved to the
		center of the now active button.  When the user clicks on the button
		the form is resized and cleared to display a second question.  This is 
		just a basic combo box containing a random list of course numbers with
		sections.  The user/player then selects the course number and section
		that I'm in.  (IGME.106.02)  The form automatically opens the next
		form (Form2)
		
	Form2
		The second form starts by asking for your name.  Once the name is typed and
		you press enter a random key is generated and your name is encrypted
		using a shift right Caeser cipher encryption algorithm.  Two examples
		are provided of solved encryptions and then the user is asked to type
		in his/her name in ENCRYPTED form.  To test just use the letter 'a', since
		'a' is one of the letters in the example and the solution will be provided.
		
		Once the user successfully entered his/her encrypted name, another set of
		combo boxes are displayed asking the user to specify in which direction
		the shift was, as well as the quantity that the letters had to be shifted.
		If the user enters the correct value, the game advances to the third form.
		If any errors are made on the form, an appropriate messagebox is displayed.
		
	Form3
		The third and final form in the game.  The game asks a simple riddle
		and if the user answers the question correct, the game is won and it exits.
		If however the user provides the correct answer and states they aren't sure,
		the game does not acknowledge it as a win.  If however the user enters
		the wrong answer and acknowledge that he/she isn't sure about the answer,
		it is considered a win.
		
Stopping the form
	You can stop/close the forms/game at any time by clicking the X in the title
	bar.